docs(releasing): update release process (#11502)
GoogleChrome/lighthouse: docs/releasing.md

```sh
# Run the tests.
bash ./lighthouse-core/scripts/release/test.sh
```

Confirm DevTools integration will work:
```sh
# Change into the newly-created pristine folder.
cd ../lighthouse-pristine

yarn test-devtools

# Do some manual testing on a number of sites.
yarn open-devtools

# Done with DevTools for now, will open a CL later.

# Leave pristine folder.
cd ../lighthouse
```

### Lightrider

Confirm Lightrider integration will work.

1. See the internal README for updating Lighthouse: go/lightrider-doc
1. Roll to the canary feed in a workspace
1. Run the tests
1. Update/fix any failing tests

> 1. All good: Hold on submitting a CL until after cutting a release

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. All good: Hold on rolling Lighthouse until after cutting a release
```
Might be confusing if RM needs to merge CLs to update dailing tests.

Author: You can't update any tests without also rolling Lighthouse, so there's only gonna be one CL.

### Open the PR

Now that the integrations are confirmed to work, go back to `lighthouse` folder.

```sh
# Prepare the commit, replace x.x.x with the desired version
bash ./lighthouse-core/scripts/release/prepare-commit.sh x.x.x

# Rebaseline DevTools tests one more time (only version number should change).
yarn update:test-devtools
```

> 1. Edit the CHANGELOG before opening the PR

Reviewer: changelog.md?

> 1. Open the PR with title `vx.y.z`

Reviewer: nit: Could you change `vx.x.x` on line 155 to match.

### Chromium CL

> If this is a branching week, wait until _after_ the branch point email, then land the CL.

Reviewer 2: 😢

Author: oh, you're not in this group chat. no one responded, so.. 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4071474/94841444-a671d380-03df-11eb-8102-4e6de2757a89.png)

> git commit -am "[Lighthouse] Roll Lighthouse x.x.x\n\nBug: 772558"

Reviewer: This commit message did not format correctly for me. The CL description imported `\n` as `\` and `n` rather than replacing with a newline character. It might be better to remove the `\n\nBug: 772558` part and add a comment saying "Set bug number to 772558"

Author: this is surprising to me

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4071474/94841196-48dd8700-03df-11eb-9a57-ccb1ce763f38.png)

Reviewer: It happens when `git cl upload` imports commit messages for the CL description

Author: oh it's because it uses the last commit message as a title, which can't have newlines.

changed to use `-b`.
